it was a beautiful day in red boys
Kingdom and the Red Fort gymnast and the
little summer solstice baby were riding
an especial canoe down the rat boy canal
only all summer solstice babysit the red
boy genius city we are cruising down to
Lake genius do look for the lake yes
monster well so far this monster is just
a legend there is no definite proof that
it exists we are going to ride to the
bottom of the lake in my new submarine
and get some help from my underwater
friends while we are cruising to the
lake you can tell me about what you have
been doing since I last saw you
I
it's to dust
that was great here if our baby yeah if
our baby
well now that we are under the lake the
first thing I would like to do is find
my friend old flunky both rocky has
lived in this like his whole life and if
anyone knows anything about the lake yes
monster it will be old Frankie
oh is it is monster no that is so
clogged not much mister
it's me well well rope tie rod or jeans
tie widow summer solstice baby what
brings you to my underwater letter today
we are on the hunt for the lake yes
monster ribbit ribbit ribbit well I
don't know I lived in like genius all my
life and I couldn't say for sure there
have been times when I have seen
something out of the corner of my eye
something I didn't recognize something
spooky it may have been a shadow the
trick of the light
oh lucky would you like to come with us
to look for the monster